neovim/README.md, before:

# Index of Core Plugins

1. **nvim-tree** - file explorer
2. **barbar** - buffer manager
3. **telescope** - fuzzy finder
4. **treesitter** - syntax highlighting
5. **treesitter-context** - show cursor context pinned to window top
6. **copilot.lua** - AI autocomplete
7. **lualine** - statusline
8. **nvim-cmp** - autocomplete
9. **nvim-lspconfig** - language servers
10. **vim-startify** - startup screen
11. **indent-blankline** - add line guides to indentation levels
12. **glance** - go to definition/references
13. **nerd-commenter** - comment lines
14. **nvim-lint** - linting on save
15. **nvim-autopairs** - auto close brackets
16. **vim-wakatime** - track time spent in vim
17. **harpoon** - bookmark files
18. **vim-fugitive** - git integration
19. **undotree** - undo history
20. **copilot-cmp** - display copilot as completion options
21. **toggleterm** - better terminal support
22. **hlargs** - highlight function arguments
23. **nvim-dap** - debugger adapter
24. **dap-ui** - UI tools for debugger
25. **dap-virtual-text** - virtual text support for dap debugging
26. **trouble** - diagnostics lists
27. **which-key** - show keymaps
28. **mason** - package manager, to download external debugging/LSP dependencies
29. **todo-comments** - highlight TODO comments
30. **zen-mode** - distraction free mode
31. **inc-rename** - highlight objects being renamed in code
32. **ChatGPT** - ChatGPT-powered ai tools in the editor
33. **vim-tmux-navigator** - support for jumping between tmux panes & neovim
34. **null-ls** - use neovim as an LSP to inject more diagnostics from non-lsp sources
35. **nvim-lightbulb** - show lightbulb icon in gutter when code actions available
36. **ChatGPT** - integrated access to ChatGPT powered AI commands
37. **ince-rename** - better rename code action support
38. **rust-tools** - helpful tools and configs for rust development
39. **neotest** - test runner integrated into neovim
40. **nvim-notify** - popup windows to notify messages
41. **dressing** - popup windows for other I/O channels like select
42. **swenv** - switch python environments (but mostly to show conda env in lualine)

Commit message:

feat: ✨ add symbols outline and whichkeys for neotest

neovim/README.md, after:

# Index of Core Plugins

1. **nvim-tree** - file explorer
2. **barbar** - buffer manager
3. **telescope** - fuzzy finder
4. **treesitter** - syntax highlighting
5. **treesitter-context** - show cursor context pinned to window top
6. **copilot.lua** - AI autocomplete
7. **lualine** - statusline
8. **nvim-cmp** - autocomplete
9. **nvim-lspconfig** - language servers
10. **vim-startify** - startup screen
11. **indent-blankline** - add line guides to indentation levels
12. **glance** - go to definition/references
13. **nerd-commenter** - comment lines
15. **nvim-autopairs** - auto close brackets
16. **vim-wakatime** - track time spent in vim
17. **harpoon** - bookmark files
18. **vim-fugitive** - git integration
19. **undotree** - undo history
20. **copilot-cmp** - display copilot as completion options
21. **toggleterm** - better terminal support
22. **hlargs** - highlight function arguments
23. **nvim-dap** - debugger adapter
24. **dap-ui** - UI tools for debugger
25. **dap-virtual-text** - virtual text support for dap debugging
26. **trouble** - diagnostics lists
27. **which-key** - show keymaps
28. **mason** - package manager, to download external debugging/LSP dependencies
29. **todo-comments** - highlight TODO comments
30. **zen-mode** - distraction free mode
31. **inc-rename** - highlight objects being renamed in code
32. **ChatGPT** - ChatGPT-powered ai tools in the editor
33. **vim-tmux-navigator** - support for jumping between tmux panes & neovim
34. **null-ls** - use neovim as an LSP to inject more diagnostics from non-lsp sources
35. **nvim-lightbulb** - show lightbulb icon in gutter when code actions available
36. **ChatGPT** - integrated access to ChatGPT powered AI commands
37. **ince-rename** - better rename code action support
38. **rust-tools** - helpful tools and configs for rust development
39. **neotest** - test runner integrated into neovim
40. **nvim-notify** - popup windows to notify messages
41. **dressing** - popup windows for other I/O channels like select
42. **swenv** - switch python environments (but mostly to show conda env in lualine)
43. **symbols-outline** - show tree view of symbols in file
44. **gitsigns** - more git support and functionality
