docs/neovim-keymaps.md, before:

# Neovim Keymaps

An index of my most important neovim keymaps.

## General

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Open split view pane (horizontal) | `<C-w> s` |
| Open split view pane (vertical) | `<C-w> v` |
| Move between open panes | `<leader>h`, `<leader>j`, `<leader>k`, `<leader>l` |
| Close all open panes | `<C-w> o` |
| Clear search buffer | `<leader><leader>` |
| Move visual selection | `'v', 'J'`, `'v', 'K'` |
| Yank into system clipboard | `'n', '<leader>y'`, `'v', '<leader>y'`, `'n', '<leader>Y'` |
| Replace in file text at current cursor | `"n", "<leader>s"` |
| Go back/forward through cursor locations | `ctrl + o/i`

## Telescope fuzzy finding

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| find_files() | `<C-p>` |
| live_grep() | `<leader>fs` |
| buffers     | `<leader>fb` |
| help tags     | `<leader>fh` |
| todo comments     | `<leader>fc` |


## Buffer management & navigation

Barbar:

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Buffer goto | `'n', '<leader>1'` through to `'n', '<leader>8'` |
| Buffernext | `'n', '<leader>.'` |
| Bufferprevious | `'n', '<leader>,'` |
| BufferCloseAllButCurrent | `'n', '<leader>aq'` |
| bufferclose | `'n', '<leader>q'` |

Harpoon:

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| mark.add_file | `"n", "<leader>a"` |
| ui.toggle_quick_menu | `"n", "<C-e>"` |
| ui.nav_file | `"n", "<C-1>"` through to `"n", "<C-4>"` |
| Go back and forth to/from last buffer | `'n', '<leader>b'` |

## nvim-tree/creating new files

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Add file or directory | (in tree) `a` |
| Delete file or directory | (in tree) `d`) |
| Rename a file or directory | (in tree) `<C-r>`) |
| NvimTreeFindFile | `'n', '<leader>nf'` |
| NvimTreeToggle | `'n', '<leader>nt'` |

## language server/completions/code introspection

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Type definition | `'n', '<leader>D'` |
| Code actions | `'n', '<leader>ca'` |
| Rename | `'n', '<leader>rn'` |
| Open docs on current cursor | `'n', K` |
| Open manual entry at cursor | `'n', <leader>cd`, repeated |
| Open floating diagnostics | `'n', '<Leader>e'` |
| Move forward/back in completions | `<C-f> <C-b>` |
| Abort completions | `<C-e>` |
| Accept completion | `<Tab>` |
| Glance definitions | `'n', 'gd'` |
| Glance references | `'n', 'gr'` |
| Glance type_definitions | `'n', 'gt'` |
| Glance implementations | `'n', 'gi'` |

## Nerdcommenter

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Comment | `'n', '<leader>cc'` |
| Uncomment | `'n', '<leader>cu'` |
| Toggle comment | `'n', '<leader>c<space>'` |

## Using the terminal

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Toggle terminal | `'n', '<C-t>'` |

## Undotree

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Open undotree and focus it | `'n', '<leader>u'` |

## Git status and commands

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Open git status buffer | `'n', '<leader>gs'` |
| Accept diffs in visual diff buffers | `'n', '<leader>gh'`, `'n', '<leader>gl'` |
| Push commits to origin | `'n', '<leader>gp'` |
| Git blame | `'n', '<leader>gb'` |
| Git log | `'n', '<leader>gc'` |
| Search changed files | `'n', '<leader>go'` |
| Search branches | `'n', '<leader>gr'` |
| Search commits | `'n', '<leader>gm'` |
| Visual diff against commit | `'n', '<leader>gd'` |

When in fugitive buffer:

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Open diff for file under cursor | `=` |
| Stage file under cursor | `s` |
| Commit staged files | `cc` |
| Visual diff of file under cursor | `dv` |

Note that you can place your cursor on the section headers (e.g. "Unstaged") to apply one of these hotkeys to all files in the group.

## Debugger

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Close hover variables window | `<C-w>q` |

## Trouble

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Open trouble | `<leader>xx`|
| Open workspace diagnostics | `<leader>xw` |
| Open document diagnostics | `<leader>xd` |
| Open loclist | `<leader>xl` |
| Open quickfix | `<leader>xq` |
| Open LSP references | `gR` |

## Zen Mode

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Toggle zen mode | `<leader>zz` |

## ChatGPT plugin

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Explain code | `v, <C-e>` |
| Add tests | `v, <C-t>` |
| Edit with instructions | `v, <C-i>` |
| Open chat | `<C-g>` |

## Neotest

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Run closest test | `'n', <leader>tr` |
| Run all tests | `'n', <leader>ta` |
| Toggle test summary pane | `'n', <leader>ts` |

## Notifications

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Open notifications history | `n, <leader>sn` |

## Symbols & type hints

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Open symbols outline | `n, <leader>oo` |
| OCaml: toggle type hints | `n, <leader>ot` |

Commit message:

feat: ✨ add lean and marks neovim plugins

docs/neovim-keymaps.md, after:

# Neovim Keymaps

An index of my most important neovim keymaps.

## General

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Open split view pane (horizontal) | `<C-w> s` |
| Open split view pane (vertical) | `<C-w> v` |
| Move between open panes | `<leader>h`, `<leader>j`, `<leader>k`, `<leader>l` |
| Close all open panes | `<C-w> o` |
| Clear search buffer | `<leader><leader>` |
| Move visual selection | `'v', 'J'`, `'v', 'K'` |
| Yank into system clipboard | `'n', '<leader>y'`, `'v', '<leader>y'`, `'n', '<leader>Y'` |
| Replace in file text at current cursor | `"n", "<leader>s"` |
| Go back/forward through cursor locations | `ctrl + o/i` |

## Telescope fuzzy finding

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| find_files() | `<C-p>` |
| live_grep() | `<leader>fs` |
| buffers     | `<leader>fb` |
| help tags     | `<leader>fh` |
| todo comments     | `<leader>fc` |


## Buffer management & navigation

Barbar:

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Buffer goto | `'n', '<leader>1'` through to `'n', '<leader>8'` |
| Buffernext | `'n', '<leader>.'` |
| Bufferprevious | `'n', '<leader>,'` |
| BufferCloseAllButCurrent | `'n', '<leader>aq'` |
| bufferclose | `'n', '<leader>q'` |

Harpoon:

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| mark.add_file | `"n", "<leader>a"` |
| ui.toggle_quick_menu | `"n", "<C-e>"` |
| ui.nav_file | `"n", "<C-1>"` through to `"n", "<C-4>"` |
| Go back and forth to/from last buffer | `'n', '<leader>b'` |

## nvim-tree/creating new files

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Add file or directory | (in tree) `a` |
| Delete file or directory | (in tree) `d`) |
| Rename a file or directory | (in tree) `<C-r>`) |
| NvimTreeFindFile | `'n', '<leader>nf'` |
| NvimTreeToggle | `'n', '<leader>nt'` |

## language server/completions/code introspection

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Type definition | `'n', '<leader>D'` |
| Code actions | `'n', '<leader>ca'` |
| Rename | `'n', '<leader>rn'` |
| Open docs on current cursor | `'n', K` |
| Open manual entry at cursor | `'n', <leader>cd`, repeated |
| Open floating diagnostics | `'n', '<Leader>e'` |
| Move forward/back in completions | `<C-f> <C-b>` |
| Abort completions | `<C-e>` |
| Accept completion | `<Tab>` |
| Glance definitions | `'n', 'gd'` |
| Glance references | `'n', 'gr'` |
| Glance type_definitions | `'n', 'gt'` |
| Glance implementations | `'n', 'gi'` |

## Nerdcommenter

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Comment | `'n', '<leader>cc'` |
| Uncomment | `'n', '<leader>cu'` |
| Toggle comment | `'n', '<leader>c<space>'` |

## Using the terminal

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Toggle terminal | `'n', '<C-t>'` |

## Undotree

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Open undotree and focus it | `'n', '<leader>u'` |

## Git status and commands

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Open git status buffer | `'n', '<leader>gs'` |
| Accept diffs in visual diff buffers | `'n', '<leader>gh'`, `'n', '<leader>gl'` |
| Push commits to origin | `'n', '<leader>gp'` |
| Git blame | `'n', '<leader>gb'` |
| Git log | `'n', '<leader>gc'` |
| Search changed files | `'n', '<leader>go'` |
| Search branches | `'n', '<leader>gr'` |
| Search commits | `'n', '<leader>gm'` |
| Visual diff against commit | `'n', '<leader>gd'` |

When in fugitive buffer:

| Action | Key Map |
|--------|---------|
| Open diff for file under cursor | `=` |
| Stage file under cursor | `s` |
| Commit staged files | `cc` |
| Visual diff of file under cursor | `dv` |

Note that you can place your cursor on the section headers (e.g. "Unstaged") to apply one of these hotkeys to all files in the group.

## Debugger

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Close hover variables window | `<C-w>q` |

## Trouble

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Open trouble | `<leader>xx`|
| Open workspace diagnostics | `<leader>xw` |
| Open document diagnostics | `<leader>xd` |
| Open loclist | `<leader>xl` |
| Open quickfix | `<leader>xq` |
| Open LSP references | `gR` |

## Zen Mode

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Toggle zen mode | `<leader>zz` |

## ChatGPT plugin

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Explain code | `v, <C-e>` |
| Add tests | `v, <C-t>` |
| Edit with instructions | `v, <C-i>` |
| Open chat | `<C-g>` |

## Neotest

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Run closest test | `'n', <leader>tr` |
| Run all tests | `'n', <leader>ta` |
| Toggle test summary pane | `'n', <leader>ts` |

## Notifications

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Open notifications history | `n, <leader>sn` |

## Symbols & type hints

| Action | Key Map |
| ------ | ------- |
| Open symbols outline | `n, <leader>oo` |
| OCaml: toggle type hints | `n, <leader>ot` |

## Marks

| Action                                                                    | Key Map       |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| Set mark x                                                                | `mx`          |
| Set the next available alphabetical (lowercase) mark                      | `m,`          |
| Toggle the next available mark at the current line                        | `m;`          |
| Delete mark x                                                             | `dmx`         |
| Delete all marks on the current line                                      | `dm-`         |
| Delete all marks in the current buffer                                    | `dm<space>`   |
| Move to next mark                                                         | `m]`          |
| Move to previous mark                                                     | `m[`          |
| Preview mark (press `<cr>` to preview the next mark)                      | `m:`          |
| Add a bookmark from bookmark group[0-9]                                   | `m[0-9]`      |
| Delete all bookmarks from bookmark group[0-9]                             | `dm[0-9]`     |
| Move to the next bookmark of the same type (across buffers)               | `m}`          |
| Move to the previous bookmark of the same type (across buffers)           | `m{`          |
| Delete the bookmark under the cursor                                      | `dm=`         |
| Annotate mark under cursor                                                | `ma`          |
| List all marks in current buffer                                          | `<leader>mb`  |
| List all marks across _all_ buffers                                       | `<leader>ma`  |
